Tips

We had my time dining as we didn’t want a set time each day we needed to eat dinner at. Especially when the time changes and goes back 2 hours we didn’t want to dine so early. When we went to the MDR for dinner we waited no more than 5 minutes for a table. They were very organised.

The key- if you are going to purchase internet then this is the way to go if you get it for a good price. We paid about $5 more a day and the benefits included- priority check in, welcome lunch with the chops grille menu, priority disembarkment at the ports, a fruit platter delivered to your room, reserved seating for shows, must still book for pixels and Northstar, we had private times on the bumper cars ( 30 mins) rock climbing and flowrider we didn’t make those ones. A breakfast on your last morning which we didn’t make it to.

Always try to book midship as you feel less motion as we did have a couple of rocky days and the location of the ship seemed to help.

Sorrento’s is great for late nights and during the day and never had to wait in line. The coffee at cafe Promenade is really good, the coffee from windjammer not so good. It’s worth going down to promenade but you will need to pay if you don’t have a drinks package.

We didn’t go to any speciality restaurants as there are so many restaurants already included in the price. Maybe next time we will try one out for something different.

Ours was a Christmas cruise so beware lots of children around. Some were disrespectful like putting rubbish everywhere, not listening to security, pushing in on lifts, running up and down stairs when elderly were around. I would highly suggest if you don’t want many children around then don’t book for school holidays. They had carols on Xmas eve and Santa arrived Xmas day for the children. Every child under the age of 18 received a gift.

Lots of shopping to do if your wanting jewellery or souvenirs and this all gets deducted from your sea pass you cannot pay USD cash. Casino you need to pay USD cash.

The cocktails we had were amazing and the staff at the sunshine bar were outstanding. The music hall was good that’s where they had a lot of trivia etc and at midnight it turns into a nightclub.
1AM curfew is for children under the age of 18.

Windjammer food was good sometimes couldn’t find a table so we would make sure we didn’t go at the peak times. MDR was good they don’t change the menu a lot but was nice and the staff were great. Solarium bistro was ok only went once just wasn’t for us. Fish n Ships was free unless you order something on the right side of the board. Last time we went we had to pay so it’s good to see it’s included now.

When you check in online we chose a cash account this means there is no charges taken at the end of the cruise. You can go to guest services and pay USD for your sea pass or call them beforehand.If you give credit card details they make take charges pending and can take a few weeks for this to come off your account. There is an ATM on board and is in USD.

We have only cruised on ovation and have booked another one and we have found them to be great, haven’t had an issue so far.

The silent disco is great and you must check this out if you can.

The morning show is great with Joff this is a must see on TV.
